in 1972 Academy Award winner William
Goldman wrote The Princess Bride it took
15 years before director Rob Reiner
brought it to the screen now critics and
audiences agree it was worth the wait
Joel Siegel says the Princess Bride is
thrilling exciting very funny and
absolute magic don't miss it
People magazine calls it an instant
classic the goodtime movie of the year
just the right mix of hilarity and
heartbreak the entire cast is superb but
the funniest is Billy Crystal bill
Harris says The Princess Bride is one of
the best movies of the year an absolute
gem one of the funniest and most
charming comedies I've seen in a long
time says Roger Ebert and Siskel and
Ebert give it two big thumbs up have fun
storming the castle
The Princess Bride rated PG now playing
at theaters everywhere my Wesley will
always come for me your Wes Clare is
dead you may have heard tales of damsels
in distress I'm killing myself once we
reach the honeymoon suite
we're dead be matched but you'd never
seen anything like The Princess Bride
gutsy bobble she gets kidnapped he gets
killed I've seen worse but it all ends
up okay I find storming the castle
The Princess Bride a new comedy by Rob
Reiner rated PG now playing theaters
everywhere
the critics are praising The Princess
Bride Roger Ebert
I'm gonna say right now that I thought
this is one of the funniest and most
charming comedies that I've seen in a
long time Joel Siegel Rob Reiner's found
the place where Walt Disney meets Monty
Python is where the movies it's exciting
and thrilling it's an adventure film a
love story it's very funny and absolute
magic have fun storming the castle The
Princess Bride rated PG now playing at
theaters everywhere you've probably
heard the critics praised the Princess
Bride
but have you heard this adventure had
romance it is really fun got that smut
have you ever heard of Plato Aristotle
Socrates yes morons I was incredible
have fun storming the castle The
Princess Bride rated PG now playing at
theaters everywhere